Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
EVAN:  Shut the hell up!
MAN:  Hey!
Hey!
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
EVAN:  My parents told me that if
you work hard, treat people well,
and behave yourself,
your life will turn out right.
Well, they were full of shit.
When will I get out of here?
Probably this afternoon,
after the arraignment.
I'll just get a slap
on the wrist, right?
It was just weed.
And cocaine.
Both of which are illegal
in this country.
Look, I'm going to need your
cooperation and your total honesty.
Okay. Shoot.
Were you selling
or using drugs last night?
I just smoked some weed,
but it wasn't mine.
It was in a motel room you paid for.
That makes it yours.
Did you sleep with her?
Who?
The girl you were with?
No, of course not.
That's Cash's girl, not mine.
You know how old she is?
19, 20?
Try 16.
Shit!
If they weren't your drugs,
whose were they?
It was a friend.
What friend?
This is making me uncomfortable.
Let me explain something to you.
Something you don't realize.
The name of the game
is horse trading.
What information you can give
them and who you can give up.
Sometimes the least guilty
do the most time
and the most guilty do the least time.
Do you get it?
Yeah.
Good.
'Cause this is serious.
The prosecutor is throwing
everything he has at you.
And if you were found
guilty on all charges,
you're looking
at a sentence of 28 years.
EVAN: Everybody,
we're White Noise.
I'm Evan, that's Cash
and that's Bobby.
We're from Baton Rouge, so I
guess that makes us foreigners.
(LAUGHTER) In fact, if
you like our music,
instead of clapping, maybe
throw us a dollar bill or two.
We could use some
gas money to get home.
This first song is for Melissa.
BOBBY: One, two, three, four.
♪ Sitting on the front line
♪ I couldn't make a headline
(INDISTINCT SINGING)
♪ Making up a story
Livin' in some glory
(INDISTINCT SINGING)
♪ You might as well be...
♪ Since I lost your love
♪ Since I even caught
a glimpse of your love
♪ Lost your love
♪ I'll never lose you
♪ ...my pages
is the story of the ages
♪ I've listened to the...
(INDISTINCT SINGING)
♪ ...myself of memories
♪ Since I lost your love
♪ Since I even caught
a glimpse of your love
♪ Lost your love
♪ I'll never lose your love ♪
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING
AND CHEERING)
Thanks.
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
Hey!
Sleeping beauty,
it's 9:00.
(WHISTLES)
Why are you waking me?
Don't you have classes today?
No.
What about statistics,
doesn't that meet at 10:00?
Yes.
Evan, this is bullshit.
You can't be missing classes.
You know the deal.
But I was playing last night.
That's no excuse.
Okay, I'm up!
Hey, watch the attitude.
And step on it,
you don't want to be late.
(INDISTINCT TALKING)
Hey!
Oh, Evan, this is Justin.
Justin, Evan.
Hi.
Hey.
I gotta boogie.
I'll see you Thursday.
All right, bye.
Who is he?
That's Justin, we went to
high school together.
He's in my anatomy class.
He looks like he's into you.
Who isn't?
You think you're pretty special?
Don't you?
I do.
Evan!
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Let's get out of here.
Oh, I have biochem
in 15 minutes.
Come on, this is important.
I have my midterm in two weeks.
Melissa!
No...
Really, I can't.
You're such a pain in my ass.
Pick you up after?
All right.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
What's up?
So where is that gig
you mentioned?
It's out past Lake Charles.
Well, how is the crowd?
The guy said he can get over
100 people there easy. You better
be telling the fucking truth, man.
Beggars can't be choosers, Cash!
CASH: Wow.
You can butt out, Terry, because
this doesn't concern you.
Well, excuse me.
I don't think I can do this.
What are you talking about?
I don't have the time.
I'm taking a full load this semester.
I keep falling behind.
I already have three assignments
due on the federalist papers.
I'm in school, too. How many
courses are you failing?
(SCOFFS)
That's what I thought.
Look, I'm sorry, but... Are
you jerking me off right now?
Look, we're trying
to build a band, dude!
And you're talking about the
fucking federalist papers?
Nobody gives a crap
about that shit, man.
You know what? Up yours!
Okay, Evan.
Fuck him, dude.
You play like shit anyway, man.
Screw you!
You come here for three months and
you think you know everything?
That's because
I've got real talent.
You fucking asshole!
Fuck you, man!
Come on, come on.
Let's talk.
Fuck him!
I know he's your oldest friend,
but he's a complete asshole!
You're right. He is.
Then why don't you just
tell him to go to hell?
Because we need him,
just like we need you.
We got something
good here. I know it.
I mean, what do you think's
going to happen?
We're going to be the next
Black Keys?
You know, we'll never
know, unless we try.
This is the only thing
I care about.
Besides, we're 20.
We got nothing to lose.
Okay?
All right, but if that asshole
gets out of line again,
I'm going to bust his face.
I'm right there with you.
Bring it in.
(MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
Hi.
Hey.
You're so fucking hot!
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
How hot?
"Rip off your clothes and
fuck you right here" hot.
Mmm.
What's stopping you?
Your parents are home.
Are you afraid of them?
You're so full of shit.
Am I?
(CHUCKLES)
(GIGGLES)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(BOTH MOANING)
Asshole's here.
Where the hell have you been? You
were supposed to be here an hour ago.
Hey, my landlord's trying to throw
me out of my apartment, dude.
So I was having to deal with that.
Well, you're too late to help.
Okay, chill. I'll load it
on the way back.
It's fine.
I didn't know you were coming.
Um, if you don't
want me here, I can leave.
I didn't say that.
What's your problem, man?
Nothing, I'm nervous
about the new song.
What do you want me
to do with this stuff, huh?
I don't need any of that extra crap.
Yo, can we put this in the garage?
Uh-huh, yeah.
BOBBY: Let's get moving.
We're late already.
Come on, Terry.
Coming!
Good?
(STARTS ENGINE)
(CAR LOCK BEEPS)
EVAN: The truth is,
life's not fair.
Every day there are unmerited
acts of violence and depravity.
Sometimes it doesn't matter
what you do or say because
it's your turn to get fucked.
Your Honor,
this is no casual
recreational substance abuser.
One kilogram of marijuana and
half a kilogram of cocaine
were found in his possession,
at his hotel room
and at his home.
They also had a substantial
amount of money on his person
which we see as a clear
indication of intent-to-sell.
Furthermore, he is
a sexual predator,
who rented a motel room
with an underage female
to whom he provided drugs, for
what purpose we can only imagine.
We believe that Mr. White
is a flight risk
and that no bail should be set.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Mr. White has no priors
and no history
of criminal or violent behavior.
How's the community
at risk here?
The marijuana found in
Mr. White's motel room
was traced back
to the Sinaloa
Mexican cartel.
The largest supplier
in the country.
It is our belief
Mr. White is a central cog
in the conspiracy
to manufacture,
distribute and sell
illegal drugs
throughout Louisiana
and the entire southeast.
He's crazy, Your Honor. You can't
let him get away with this.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Hi!
Hey, beautiful!
How's my future doctor doing?
I'm fine. Harry, I want
you to meet my parents,
Richard and Isabel.
Isabel, you have
a fantastic daughter.
Couldn't agree more.
Wait, so this doesn't mean
you're engaged, does it?
(LAUGHS)
MELISSA: No.
I just wanted my folks to see
how amazing Evan was.
As a former sax man myself, I
must admit that these boys are
pretty good.
Saxophone?
Were you a professional?
No, no, just me and a bunch
of friends, sort of like Evan.
Melissa told us that Evan intends
to try to make a living at this.
(CHUCKLES)
He makes some car money,
but I don't think he'll
ever make any real money,
if you know what I mean?
Then why is he dropping
out of school?
"Dropping out of school"?
Isn't that what you
said, Melissa?
Um...
Here you go.
Breakfast for champions.
(SNORTS)
Yup, yup.
Good job. You got it.
You can do it.
You know what you're doing.
Here we go.
Yo, Evan, Evan. What's up, man?
How are you doing?
You know Manny, huh? Manny.
Yeah, what's up, man?
I got some good shit.
I don't do coke.
Just say no, all right?
Vinnie, what's up, man?
It's been a while, brother.
Hey, guys, I want you to meet
my good buddy Vinnie Librizzi.
This is Cash and Evan.
What's up, man?
MANNY: This motherfucker is
like a brother to me.
You dudes, you really rock.
Your voice is sweet.
Thank you.
Cash, we got to go.
All right, we're up.
See you guys later, man.
Don't fuck up, man.
Okay, man.
See you, guys. I'll be
out there in a minute.
CLUB OWNER:
All right, all right.
Hey, how we doing tonight?
(APPLAUSE AND CHEERING)
Oh, come on, you can do
better than that!
(LOUD CHEERING)
All right.
You may remember Evan White from
last year at the Drive-in Club.
His band has been tearing it
up in the BR. Please welcome
White Noise.
(AUDIENCE CHEERING)
Hey, everybody.
We're happy to be here.
And a little word to the wise,
my dad is in the house so
you better clap after
every song.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHING)
BOBBY: Five, six,
seven, eight.
ISABEL: You were marvelous.
Yeah, not bad.
Thanks, that means a lot.
So, Dad, any thoughts?
Quitting school?
What?
It's a simple enough question.
Can we talk about this later?
What the hell for? Everyone else
seems to know about it except me.
Yeah, I've decided to leave.
Without telling me?
I was going to tell you, but
I knew you would lose it.
Fucking right I will!
It's my life. Yeah, and as
usual, you're screwing it up.
That's your opinion!
I have to do what
I think is right.
Well, you're not
doing it in my house.
What, you're kicking me out?
Yeah, that's right.
You know the deal. As long as
you're in school, you can stay.
Otherwise you can
pack your bags.
EVAN: If that's
what you want.
Damn straight.
I am so sorry.
Can you wait for me?
I'm going to talk to Evan.
How could you do that?
Sorry, I didn't know you
hadn't told your father.
You didn't want to
check with me first?
Evan, don't blame this on me.
Who am I supposed to blame?
I can't believe you wouldn't
check with me before
mentioning something
like that to him.
I didn't tell him.
It was my father.
Oh, that's even better!
Thanks a lot, Melissa.
Do not put me in between
you and your father.
This is not my problem,
it's yours.
I'm not going to talk to you
if you're acting like this.
Who's asking you to stay?
If I'm such an immature idiot,
why don't you just go?
Oh, Evan.
What's up, man?
Here's my share of
the gas money, dude.
What are you doing?
I am taking care
of a little business.
Come here.
What?
What's up?
Are you selling?
I wouldn't call it
"selling", man.
Just a few joints here
and there, rent money.
You can't be doing that shit.
It's a fucking gig.
What is this, man?
Why are you getting
so righteous, man?
It's not like you don't partake.
I'm giving up everything
for this band. You can't do
anything to fuck it up!
Evan, dude, don't be such an old lady.
What's your problem?
You're stopping now!
Screw you, man. You don't
tell me what to do.
No, but I can kick you
out of the band!
You guys are shit without me.
You're nothing without us!
You don't have
the fucking balls.
Try me!
I'm not fucking
happy about this.
Too fucking bad!
This is bullshit.
(INDISTINCT TALKING)
Frank!
Frank, can I have
a second before we go in?
COLEMAN: No.
I think we can make a deal.
Deal days are over. It's
time to put up or shut up.
Come on, Frank,
it's not too late.
You had your chance last week.
And either you were too
incompetent or ignorant to
take it. That's not my fault.
Now your client gets
to spend another
10 years in jail, thanks to you.
EVAN:
I don't believe in fate.
Life is just a series of
random acts with
no rhyme or reason.
There's no such
thing as destiny.
But there is such
a thing as evil.
Evan White is a creative
hard-working young man,
who carries a full course
load at LSU
while he pursues his dream
of writing and performing music.
His passion.
But this international
drug dealer allegation
is total nonsense.
This is a Mickey Mouse case
about a young man who found himself
in the wrong place at the wrong time
with the wrong people.
And is now wrongly
accused of crimes
he did not commit.
So I'm asking you, Your Honor,
in the name of sanity
and fairness to allow
Mr. White to be released
on his own recognizance.
CLUB OWNER:
Great house tonight, guys.
Looks like we both
made a little change.
Don't blow that
all in one place.
Hey.
You boys are really tight.
And I know it sounds
like bullshit
but there is a manager
from Prime Direction
that I'd like to invite when you
guys play again in two weeks.
Are you cool with that?
Sure.
Yeah? Okay.
EVAN: Yeah.
Two weeks.
Thank you.
You think that guy was shitting
us about Prime Direction?
Of course he was, dude.
How's some guy in Lake Charles
going to know anybody?
Guess we'll find out
in two weeks.
Oh, I feel like shit.
Did you do some coke?
Hell, no.
Probably was that
funky ass burrito I had.
Pull over!
Please. CASH: Pull over,
she's about to blow, man.
All right.
CASH: Just don't get it
on my clothes.
(COUGHS)
Maybe we should
crash at some motel?
Fuck it, I'm bushed.
Let's just chill here.
CASH: Good idea.
(COUGHING)
You got any weed left?
Shit, yeah.
Smoking, Bobby?
I'm in, man.
Smoke my pole, motherfucker.
(INDISTINCT TALKING ON TV)
What?
(LAUGHING)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(ALL LAUGHING)
Evan, where are you going?
Hello?
Hey.
It's 3:30 in the morning.
People are complaining.
Hold it down and don't
make me come back!
Okay.
Turn that down, Bobby.
It's 3:30 in the morning.
People are complaining.
We got this. I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
Hey, I'm fucking starving, man.
CASH: You just said that
you didn't feel well.
That was then, this is now.
I can go for some nice
strawberry banana pancakes.
Oh, I can go for some
nice French toast.
CASH: What's with
the word "nice"?
(LAUGHING)
It's decided,
breakfast here we come!
CASH: Get off me!
CASH: So her name
was Michelle.
She lived next door to Evan and she said
she never saw a guy pee before so...
You showed her?
No, Evan did.
You did?
That's sick.
Uh-huh.
What? I was seven.
She told me she would
give me a Snickers bar.
I like Snickers bars.
What?
(LAUGHING)
(TV PLAYING LOUDLY)
I can still hear it!
It's the manager again!
(DIALING)
911.
(PHONE RINGS)
Hello?
EVAN:  Hey, Dad.
It's me.
Why are you calling?
I need your help.
Whatever it is, you got to
figure it out on your own.
I'm in jail.
Jail? They found pot
in our motel room.
Is, uh...
Cash and Bobby with you?
No, they separated us.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, well, hold on a second.
Listen, uh...
Whatever you do, don't let them
shove a court-appointed
lawyer down your throat.
And don't say anything
to anybody about anything.
Understand?
Yeah.
Thank you.
Hey, I gotta go.
Hey, honey.
Hey!
Right on time.
(CHUCKLES)
I'm so proud of you.
It's a miracle, huh?
Dinner should be ready
half hour.
Smells good.
Yeah.
Daddy.
Come play with us.
Daddy!
Girls, I got to go change.
BOTH: Daddy!
Play with us! Play with us!
Come on, Daddy!
Okay, you win.
Tea party.
Oh! This looks wonderful.
I cannot resist a tea party.
I love tea parties.
All right, here we go.
Would you like some tea?
Yes, sir.
Would you like some...
Wonderful, wonderful...
EVAN: Just like the snake
in the garden,
he thinks he can fool me,
but he can't.
I know exactly who he is
and what he is capable of.
I have serious doubts about your case
against this young man, Mr. Coleman.
Even if he did sell drugs,
the amount of time that you're
trying to get on this case
is ridiculous.
Twenty-eight years?
Your office is more lenient
with rapists and some killers.
Now unless you can prove that he is a
major player in the Sinaloa cartel,
I advise you and Mr. Levine
to work things out
and not waste any more
government money.
Bail is set at $20,000.
Court is adjourned.
(GAVEL BANGS)
Oh, man!
She just handed you your hat.
Yeah, she's a bleeding
heart liberal.
But she's not gonna
decide the case.
The jury is.
You don't seriously think
my client is a player
in the Sinaloa cartel?
How the hell should I know?
But if he doesn't give me all the
information he has on his supplier
and his contacts,
he's gonna do some serious time.
Look. Don't waste your time.
Let's make a deal.
Three months' probation
for possession.
Stop.
When you're ready
to really talk,
give me a call.
(CHUCKLES)
(BOTH SIGHING)
How could you be so stupid?
You're blaming me?
All I did was smoke some weed.
It's illegal, Evan!
Come on, you smoke.
I've seen you.
Well, I was always
really careful.
So was I. Well, it doesn't
look that way, does it?
This is not my fault!
How was I supposed to know
we were gonna get busted?
Well, then, whose fault is it?
I wanna know whose
fucking fault is it, Evan?
I screwed up.
Is that what you wanna hear?
Once again I failed to live
up to your expectations.
I think you should
stay at home
until this is all over.
All right?
Okay.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Why didn't you call me?
I was such a jerk before,
I didn't know
if you were talking to me.
Never do that again.
Okay.
What happened?
You smoked a joint?
This whole thing is
completely crazy.
They're accusing me
of a lot more.
Have you talked
to Bobby or Cash?
I can't.
Judge's orders.
Well,
your dad said
you have a good lawyer.
And I'd let him take care of it.
Manny Stein,
Vincent Librizzi. Who else?
That's it.
Those are the only guys I know.
Well, you better be
sure about that.
I'm sure.
Well, depending on what
you tell me about them
and what they tell me about you,
you're looking at
six years.
Six years? That's a hell of a long
time for a little weed and coke.
Well, considering the amount of
drugs in your client's possession
and the amount of drugs
at the garage,
he's gonna have to cop
to intent to sell.
My client has never admitted
that the drugs were his.
Well, whose were they then?
Evan White rented the motel room,
therefore they are legally his.
That's the same for the
backpack in his garage.
And he's the one with $1500
cash in his possession.
So you're saying Evan White
is the dealer?
No. No... (STAMMERS)
I never said that.
He said that.
Well, I'm asking you now.
I need to talk about this
with my client.
I'll give you five minutes.
I never told you that those
drugs were Evan's, man.
And whose were they then?
What do you mean?
They had to be somebody's.
Coleman is gonna wanna
know whose they are.
If they were yours,
then you're looking at
doing at least
six years in prison.
Is that what you
want me to tell him?
Can we not just tell him
that I refuse to answer?
Then you will be
in deep shit, my friend.
Evan and Bobby have probably
already ratted you out.
Stein and Librizzi will too.
If Coleman thinks
you aren't cooperating,
he can pull the deal and make you
the center of the whole thing,
which mean 25 years or more.
Oh, fuck.
This isn't the time
to be a hero.
This is every man for himself.
I'm dropping the rape charge,
but I'm still prosecuting your
client on the other six counts.
That's ridiculous.
He's the linchpin of
this whole operation.
He didn't do anything.
The evidence says otherwise.
The baggies in your motel room.
The money in your duffel bag.
And not to mention the weed
in the bag in your garage.
I also have three witnesses
that are now willing to testify
that you are the center
of this whole thing.
Three witnesses?
What witnesses?
Manuel Stein, Vincent Librizzi
and William Cash.
They're all lying.
And why am I supposed
to believe you and not them?
Now if you want to come clean
and give me the name
of your supplier
and the other drug dealers
you work with,
well, maybe we can talk.
I'm telling you the truth.
Those are not my drugs.
Drop the Boy Scout
act, Mr. White.
We both know
you are guilty as hell.
I didn't do anything!
You're lying.
You asshole!
Dad.
LEVINE: Harry.
All right, all right, Harry.
Get him out of here.
(DOOR CLOSES)
I'm gonna kill that
motherfucker!
You two just totally
screwed yourselves.
Yeah, well, it's all
his fucking fault.
I'm sorry, but he's trying to put
me in the middle of all this.
If he didn't think you were
guilty before, he does now.
We'll just go to trial.
Evan is completely innocent of
everything Coleman is charging him with.
It's a complete lie.
Going to trial
is our last choice.
You got judges and juries
where anything is possible.
You got mandatory sentencing
where there's no recourse.
So if you get convicted,
you do the time.
Do you have any evidence
that we can use
to implicate him?
I've seen Cash smoke sometimes.
The other two, I don't
even know them.
Bobby will testify for me.
Bobby's your best friend.
This is totally fucked up.
Well...
Give me a couple of days
to look into things.
And then I'll go back and talk
to Coleman again.
But in the meantime,
do me a favor.
If you find yourself
in a situation
where you're gonna lose your temper
with somebody who can destroy you,
stuff it! And that goes
for you too.
Let's go.
Honey, where are you going?
I'm supposed to stop
by Joe and Lynn's.
A donor. I told you
about this.
Tonight? Is that
really necessary?
Yes. It's necessary.
(SIGHS)
Come on.
Listen, I'll make it up to you.
Yeah. Yeah.
You always say that.
No, I promise. I will.
Listen.
I know my life is
really stressful for us
and the kids right now.
Yeah.
I know I don't tell you enough, but I
really appreciate your support here.
Okay.
Thank you.
Love you.
Drive safe.
(CAR LOCK CHIRPS)
(STARTS ENGINE)
I am really sorry about what
happened to those kids.
I mean, they were a really
great band.
But I really can't be involved.
All I want is the truth.
I don't know much.
Did you see any
members of the band
selling drugs that night?
Are you kidding me?
There was 400 people
here that night.
You expect me to know what
any of them were doing?
Are there any employees that
may have seen something?
And even if they saw something,
do you really think they're
gonna come in here and tell?
You told the prosecutor
that you paid my client
$500 for the gig.
He claims it was $1500.
I really can't remember,
but I checked my books
and that's what it said.
Do you have a signed receipt?
I'm running a club, not a bank.
But the band gets 25% a gig
and that is what I gave them.
Well, you just said there were
400 people here that night.
You're telling me the count
was only two grand?
I mean, at 15 bucks a head,
that's more like six.
That is what my book said.
Look, I know you've had
tax problems before,
but this is a kid's life
on the line.
You need to get the fuck out.
You need to get the fuck out
right now.
Hey, what do I have to do
to make you believe me?
You cannot legally
be here right now.
I'm trying to talk to you.
Listen, you're gonna turn
around and leave right now.
Or I am calling the marshals.
Aside from smoking weed,
I've never done anything
illegal in my life.
This is not the time or
the place for this discussion.
Do you understand?
It is your lawyer's job to
present your case in court.
You're making people lie
to you so they can get a deal.
They're just telling you
what you want to hear.
Look, kid, I'm gonna cut
you a break
and not have you
arrested right now.
But you are gonna turn around
and leave within
the next 10 seconds.
Do you understand?
Hey, I just wanna talk to you
man to man.
One.
Two.
Three. You're making
a terrible mistake.
Four.
Security.
Dad?
Dad! Dad!
Oh, shit.
(CAR LOCK BEEPS)
Sorry. I was running
a little late.
Nice of you to at least show up.
Well, it was up to Jessica.
No hard feeling, Frank.
Just business, David.
You know that.
Nobody is better at it than you.
Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah, I am.
Be right there.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
Fuck.
So when am I getting
out of here?
Right now. The doctor just
signed your release.
See, I told you it was
all a bunch of bull.
Just because they can't determine the
cause doesn't mean it's nothing.
The doctor says you have a lot of
risk factors for heart disease.
It was those two hotdogs I had for lunch.
I just had too much sauerkraut.
It wasn't the fucking
sauerkraut, Dad.
Your blood pressure is high,
your cholesterol is high.
You're 25 pounds overweight
and you drink too much.
If you don't start taking
this shit seriously,
you're going to kill yourself.
All right!
What's gotten into you?
I just came home and found you
blacked out on the floor.
I'd rather not do that again
I've already lost Mom.
That's enough.
Okay, okay. I'll start
taking those pills.
And I'll watch my diet.
You have to mean it. You can't
quit conveniently in a week.
I will. I promise.
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
Movie is in a half hour.
(SIGHS) I don't wanna go.
Okay, then what do you
want to do?
Nothing.
When does your dad get home?
Maybe we could...
I'm not in the mood.
Well, I don't really
want to just sit here
in the dark with you.
Maybe you should go.
(STRUMS GUITAR)
Okay.
You know what, Evan? I know
you're going through hell and
it must feel like shit
most of the time,
but you're not the only one.
You know your dad called me.
He did?
Mmm-hmm.
Why?
He told me if I really
loved you,
I would break up with you.
What did you say?
I told him it was none
of his business.
(SNIFFS)
Good.
I mean, you don't
believe him, do you?
He's just trying
to look out for you.
We are not going to let this
situation destroy us.
And whatever we are going to face,
we're going to face it together.
Fuck them.
Fuck them all.
We seized
five kilograms of marijuana
and one kilogram of cocaine from Mr.
Librizzi's storage facility.
He's gonna testify
that he was holding it
for your client.
That's a lie.
I only met him once.
COLEMAN:
That's not what he said.
How can he be the dealer
when Librizzi has got the drugs?
Because he didn't want
to get his hands dirty.
That makes no sense.
You're grasping for straws.
What about the girl that said
your client sold her drugs
that night at the club?
That was Cash
who was dealing, not me.
Well, she ID'd you.
And she said she saw you
take money from Cash.
That money was for gas.
I was the one who told him
he had to stop selling.
So you admit you were there and
you knew what was happening?
By you taking money from Cash,
that makes you just as guilty.
Wait a minute. Your client
just implicated himself.
At the very least,
it's accessory to distribution
which is a five-year
minimum sentence
plus the girl was under
21 years of age,
which doubles it to 10 years.
With her ID and your
client's own admission,
he's as good as convicted.
This is a miscarriage
of justice.
Let's cut to the chase.
Your client is in
a terrible situation.
And I'm willing to cut him
some slack.
I will allow you to plead out
to conspiracy to sell.
Then I'll re frame
the distribution charge
for a lighter sentence.
What you're looking at is
basically seven years.
Minus 15% for good behavior.
You gave Cash 18 months.
And he gave me
the information I needed.
How many times do I have to
tell you I don't know anything?
If that's the case,
let's just go to trial.
Two years.
Knock one off for good behavior.
It's seven years.
Take it or leave it.
I'm doing you a big favor, son.
Give us 24 hours.
Seven years?
That's completely wrong.
We're going to trial.
If that's what you want.
Don't sound so enthusiastic.
Look, I don't even think Coleman
should be prosecuting you.
But having said that,
I think our chances
of winning are at best
50-50.
50-50?
You copped to be at the scene
of a drug deal
with a minor and taking money.
It's gonna be difficult to get
a juror to find you innocent.
Isn't that what a smart
attorney is supposed to do?
I'm not saying it's impossible.
I'm just saying it's not
a sure thing.
And if we lose,
you are looking
at over 20 years.
Fuck.
Look, if you want to replace me,
I understand. I'll help you
find another one.
Forget it.
I can't talk to you.
(CELL PHONE BUZZING)
Hello.
MAN:  Hello?
Evan, this is Mike Adler.
Hey.
Are you home?
Yeah.
Good.
I was gonna come over.
Okay, can you give me
some time to get ready?
I'll be there by 10:00.
Well, there's no fucking way
you're taking that deal.
I think you need
to replace your lawyer.
She's right.
Levine's got to go.
I think he's a good lawyer.
He's just trying to be honest.
No, he's got
a loser's mentality.
You need someone
who knows he's gonna win.
That's completely crazy. How can you
be guilty for Cash selling drugs?
It's the way the system works.
It doesn't matter
if it's true or false.
Coleman has a good case
against me.
Well, I say we fight it.
I say we fight it with every
ounce of energy we have.
I don't care if I have
to wipe out my savings.
I'll spend every nickel I have.
I'll cash in my pension,
I'll mortgage the house.
I'll do whatever it takes so
that motherfucker doesn't win.
What if we lose?
You're financially ruined and
I'm going to jail for 20 years
and the judge can't overrule
the sentencing.
That won't happen.
It could happen. And then...
That's my whole life. HARRY:
We'll just get another lawyer.
We have to know somebody
who knows a better lawyer.
There's no time.
We need to give them
an answer by tomorrow.
It's not gonna hurt
to call someone.
Dad, no.
No.
I've made up my mind.
You made the smart
decision, Mr. White.
It was the only decision.
Exactly.
You saved yourself and the tax
payers a lot of time and money.
Save your bullshit
for someone else.
You don't care about me.
You don't care about justice.
You're a despicable human being.
You have anything to say
about this?
Just that I agree with him.
So much for making this
as pleasant as possible.
You know it's always
the same with you guys.
You blame me for your problems.
I'm the good guy here.
I'm not the one
who got you arrested.
You did that all on your own.
You see, it's my job to
prosecute criminals,
and I do that with zeal.
If your conviction
serves as a deterrent
to any other
young person out there,
so be it.
Someday, you'll get yours.
Is that a threat?
All I'm saying is that I believe
in justice in this life.
Sooner or later, you
get what you really deserve.
Well, your sooner is right now.
Sign there
before I change my mind.
You're early.
Yeah, where were you? You said
you were going to be home.
I was getting coffee.
In your suit?
I have a job interview.
Yeah, well, I hope you
were going to iron it first.
Yeah, I guess it needs it, huh?
Yeah.
Let me see what's
in the briefcase.
Why? What for?
'Cause it's my job.
Now open it.
So what is it for?
To make a good impression.
I got a sixth sense
about bullshit.
And my meter is pinging right
now, so I just want to warn you.
If you plan on doing something
you shouldn't be doing,
I'm going to find out.
I got a chance to review your case file,
seems like you got a pretty raw deal.
The guy who
prosecuted you, Coleman,
can be a bit of a jackass,
so don't do anything stupid.
That's not gonna happen.
I made an appointment for you at the
employment agency for 11:00 a.m.
Here's the address.
I want you to have gone for six
jobs before the end of the week.
And do me a favor,
if you're gonna iron that suit,
take a shower.
'Cause you stink.
Clean your shit up, too.
Sure you don't want me
to drive you?
My dad wants to take me.
You sure you'll call me
as soon as you can?
Melissa, this isn't
going to work.
What are you talking about?
Us. We need to end this.
We've had this
discussion before.
Seven years is forever.
We're 20. We're going
to change a lot.
You're gonna be a doctor
when I get out.
You're not gonna wanna
be with some ex-convict.
I'm not going to be with an ex-convict.
I'm going to be with Evan White.
I'm just trying to be real.
You and I are
a stretch to start with.
Under these circumstances,
it's crazy.
You need to be able to move on.
To live your life.
I don't want you to feel guilty
telling me you're seeing someone
because I'm in prison.
Evan...
I know you're just trying
to be noble. I know.
It's got nothing
to do with that.
It's what's right.
Do you understand that?
Evan, please...
Don't you love me?
Don't start with that.
Evan, please.
We're going to talk about this.
I gotta go. We don't need
to do this right now.
Evan, talk to me.
(STARTS ENGINE)
Evan?
No!
(SOBS)
Look, don't take any
shit off of anyone.
If anyone tries to hit you, just
pop him right in the mouth.
And don't show any weakness
to anyone.
Enough, Dad.
I know what I have to do.
You know this is all my fault.
I screwed up
everything in my life,
and I dragged you down with me.
Don't do that.
If I would have
been around more,
you wouldn't have been
hanging out with that jerk.
If anyone is to blame, it's me.
I knew exactly who Cash was.
I was a fool to stay with him.
You know,
before she died, I...
I promised your mom that I
would take good care of you.
Stop it.
Don't do this to yourself.
You did the best you could.
It's okay.
(SOBBING)
(BELL RINGS)
Set your clothes down.
Against the wall, face me.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
All right, turn around, put
your arms against the wall.
Move your legs apart.
Bend over.
(GATE BUZZING)
The fuck are you looking at?
Your request for a guitar has
been officially denied.
Why?
It's not on the approved list.
How do I get it
on the approved list?
With the permission
of the warden.
The warden believes that a
guitar can be used as a weapon.
It's not a weapon.
It's an instrument.
It's been officially denied.
Can you at least
let me talk to him?
White.
If you're going to
get along with me
and everyone else here,
you're gonna learn
to shut your mouth,
and do as you're told.
Is that clear?
Mmm-hmm.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Evan! Hey, it's me Bobby.
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
Hello?
(CHUCKLES) It is you, man.
Hey.
My mom told me
you were released.
I mean, I've been looking
all over for you.
Some guy named Adler, you know,
down at the probation office,
finally gave me this address.
Yeah, yeah.
So...
How does it feel to be out?
I don't know.
Fucked up.
I'm sorry I never
came to see you.
My probation officer told
me I couldn't, you know,
consorting with known felons
or some shit like that.
But I wrote you
a letter explaining.
Yeah, I got it.
Sorry, I didn't write you back.
Hey, man, you don't need
to explain anything.
I mean, I couldn't even imagine
what it must have been like,
but it's over now.
We can do whatever we want.
Do you wanna grab a beer?
I mean, there's an Applebee's.
It's like right
around the corner.
You gotta go.
Dude, what's wrong? I'm not the
same person. You gotta go.
Dude, no. Hey, dude, calm down,
I understand. No, you don't.
You know what?
You're right.
I'm sorry, man.
Don't tell anyone you saw me.
Not even Melissa?
No.
Why would I want to talk to her?
I just thought
because of the boy.
Boy?
What boy?
PRISONER: Pass it back,
I'm open.
All right.
Evan, look.
I know you don't want to
see me right now, man.
I wanted to tell you that I
went back in to see Coleman.
I told him the drugs were mine.
Then why am I still in prison?
Because he wouldn't let me
change my testimony.
He said that he knew
that you would come
and see me and that
you would threaten me.
And he said that if I tried
to tell anybody else,
not only would he try to
charge me with perjury,
but he would bring
new charges on you, man.
You expect me to believe that?
I swear to God,
it's the truth, Evan.
(SCOFFS)
Get the hell out of here.
Don't ever talk to me again.
I'm sorry, man.
Get the hell out of here.
I'm really sorry, dude.
(INDISTINCT TALKING)
(LAWNMOWER WHIRRING)
(WHIRRING STOPS)
You have a visitor
waiting for you.
About time.
I can't see her.
Take me back now.
Evan!
Please, I'm asking you.
Please.
Wait, Evan!
Wait!
Oi.
Get up.
Come on.
Have a seat.
I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Your father is dead.
What?
He died this morning.
He drove off the freeway
into a retaining wall.
My dad was a great driver.
Well, they don't know
what happened.
It could have been anything.
He fell asleep at the wheel
or something on the road.
You'll be given a funeral
pass to go home for two days.
I hope that is of some comfort.
To whom?
My dad is already dead.
You can also have the remainder
of the week off from your job.
Can I go now?
Yes.
(CHILDREN TALKING
INDISTINCTLY)
(SNIFFLES)
(SOBS)
Let me get ya.
(LAUGHS)
Let me do it.
Got it? All right.
Hopefully it'll go away.
Hopefully it'll go away soon.
(TV PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT TALKING)
Hello, I'm Frank Coleman.
And I'm running for
District Attorney.
(INDISTINCT TALKING ON TV)
In the past three weeks,
there has been a 30%
increase in violent crimes
in east Baton Rouge.
Fucking asshole.
Have also increased by 25%
and felonies are also
on the rise.
We need someone who will
stand up to gang violence.
Shut the fuck up!
Shut up!
Shut the hell up!
INMATES: Hey!
Hey!
Hey.
Someone who will stand up
to repeat offenders.
I am that man.
So, what's the news?
July eighth still the day?
Yeah.
That's 85% of seven years.
Yippy.
White,
I've followed many men
who have served time
and the ones who adapt best are the
ones who get on with their lives.
Anger doesn't help.
Me? Angry?
What the hell do I have
to be angry about?
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Me too.
Your father left you
$63,000 from the
sale of the house.
Here's the checks
and the account numbers.
You have anyone you wanna
call to come and meet you?
No, I'll just take the bus.
Are you sure you don't
wanna call anyone?
Forget it, okay?
White?
Do we have a son?
Evan.
When did you get out?
Answer my question.
When did...
I don't understand
what's happening.
Answer my question.
Yes.
We have a son.
You never told me.
I tried.
I came to visit.
I wrote you letters.
They all came back.
Fuck.
What are you doing here?
What?
Why have you come?
I don't know.
That's great, Evan.
That's really great.
After six years, all you have
to say to me is "I don't know"?
I fucked up.
I don't know what I'm doing.
That's pretty obvious.
Do you want money?
My dad left me some.
I don't need your money, Evan.
Are you working?
As a nurse.
What happened to medical school?
I didn't have the time.
My dad helped me out
while I went to school.
I'm fucking sorry, okay?
Don't.
Don't feel sorry for me.
I have a beautiful little boy.
I like my job.
I'm happy.
Okay, I gotta go.
Would you like to meet Matt?
I can't.
I just...
I just put him to bed.
I can't.
He's asleep.
For a second?
Okay.
Thanks.
He's a wonderful boy.
I'm sorry about before.
I didn't mean to scare you.
It's all right.
I'm glad to know you're okay.
(DOOR OPENS)
Sorry I'm late. I brought sushi.
Is Matt still up?
Jay, this is Evan.
Evan.
You mean...
Matt's dad.
Well, it's nice to meet you.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
It's no problem.
I'm going to go.
Evan, you don't have to leave.
Just a second, please.
Evan, wait.
I want to explain.
You don't have to explain
anything to me.
I met Jay at work.
We've been seeing
each other for two months.
It's not my business.
Evan White.
Make a left.
Have a seat on the right.
It says here you have
an attitude problem.
Are you going to say anything?
You didn't ask me a question.
Oh.
Right, right, right.
Did I fuck your mother?
What?
I asked you a question.
Did I fuck your mother?
No.
Then you don't have any reason
to treat me like shit, do you?
Listen, you little moron,
I'm the guy that can put you
back in the joint.
So unless you're fucking
brain dead,
I suggest that you act like
you give a damn.
Okay.
Now that we're best friends,
let me tell you how this
is going to happen.
My job is to help you
get your shit together
so you can fly straight.
Do you have any friends
or family that can help you?
No.
That's too bad.
I see here your pops
left you some dough.
You're lucky.
You're still going
to need to find a job.
So I want you to report
to me every two weeks,
and I'm going to drop in on
you any time I feel like it.
Hey.
Are you getting this?
Yes.
Good.
Listen, you seem like
a good kid.
Get over your problems
and start building a life.
Sure.
(SIGHS)
EVAN: Life is meaningless
without purpose.
Sometimes you're born with it,
sometimes you find it.
Sometimes it finds you.
You're dead.
Fire it up, boys.
I'm ready to start.
I'm Frank Coleman.
And I'm here today to
announce my candidacy
for Attorney General of the
State of Louisiana.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Thank you.
As most of you know,
I grew up in Baton Rouge,
one of seven children.
My mother Karen worked as
a waitress and supported
all seven children
on her meager wages.
I saw my oldest brother
die in a gang shooting,
when I was five years old.
Another brother was incarcerated
for dealing drugs.
I lived my entire
childhood in fear
of what might happen next.
Now, many people think
I'm too tough on criminals.
But it's not the criminals,
it's the innocent victims
that I care about.
And I will do whatever
is necessary
to ensure that
every young boy or
young girl out there,
no matter who they are
or where they're from,
can sleep peacefully at night.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
I just have to tell you that
I am your biggest fan.
It's an honor to meet
someone who has
the courage and conviction to
stand up for what's right.
And not just for
what's expedient.
We need more men like you
in public office.
Thank you very much.
That means the world to me.
Dave.
Oh, it means the world that
you made it.
I wouldn't have missed it.
Our esteemed friend
sends his regards.
I only wish he could
have made it.
Oh, he does as well. But he
must remain non-partisan.
And as a sign of his
non-partisanship,
he's asked me to give you this.
Thank you, and please
thank him for me.
I will.
EVAN: Justice is one of man's
greatest creations.
It's what elevates us above
all other living things.
But it is only through violence
or the threat of violence
that justice exists.
Otherwise it doesn't mean shit.
Evan White! Hey! Shit.
Hey! Hey!
Oh, shit.
(DOORKNOB RATTLES)
(CELL PHONE BUZZING)
VOICEMAIL: Please leave a
message after the tone.
Evan,
whatever the hell you're doing
you need to stop right now.
Do not talk or threaten anybody.
Call me, right now.
All right, drum roll.
Whoo!
That's not bad.
How did you do?
Over $120,000.
Oh.
Congratulations, honey.
Yeah, we are well on our way.
Wow.
You know, I owe it all to
you and the girls.
Oh, don't ever forget it.
Thank you.
I'm so proud of you.
Mike Adler, Federal Probation.
Are you Melissa Jennings?
Yes.
I'm looking for Evan White.
I found this in his apartment.
What is it?
It's a cashier's check
for $63,000
in your name.
Oh, my God.
(CELL PHONE BUZZING)
VOICEMAIL: You have
one new message.
Evan, it's Melissa.
I need to speak with you.
I met with a man who said
you might be in trouble,
and I want to help.
Listen, I know
I will never be able
to understand
what you went through
or how you must feel about
all you've lost, but...
I think I may have a sense
of how you feel.
I've never told anyone this,
but there was a day
after you went to prison that
I thought of killing myself.
I just couldn't go on
feeling like that anymore.
But then I found out
I was pregnant.
And it changed everything.
Because there was
something beautiful
and amazing and loving
in my life.
And I had someone to care for.
Someone I would die for.
And it made life worth
living despite everything
that had happened to us.
And you can have that too, Evan.
You just have to let it.
Please call me, Evan.
Please.
(CAR LOCK CHIRPS)
(ENGINE STARTS)
May I help you?
Mike Adler,
Federal Probation Office.
Listen, I need to speak to
Mr. Coleman immediately.
Well, he just left
a few minutes ago.
Do you know where to?
This is important.
No, I don't think he'll be back
until much later tonight though.
Okay, can I have his
cell phone number?
Well, he won't answer it,
he almost never does.
Okay, fine, I'll just come
back, all right? Thank you.
Wa... Wait a second.
Try the Marriott, off the 10.
He's often there.
Thank you.
I left the keys in there.
Crown, please. On the rocks.
(CELL PHONE BUZZING)
Hello.
You can cancel that.
Yeah, I'll be right up.
Sorry.
I believe some libation
is in order.
Indeed.
You are my lucky charm.
Thank you.
We overshot our goal.
Nobody move!
Nobody move.
Calm down, son.
Calm down.
Who is he?
I don't know.
Okay, you want money? Here.
No! Get in the bathroom.
Go.
And you shut that door!
Do you know who I am?
I know who you are.
Do you know
who I am? Do you?
I'm somebody you put in jail
for six years, for nothing!
I'm sorry about that.
What do you want?
I want you to stop.
To stop?
Yeah, stop.
You're going to quit your job, you're
gonna stop running for Attorney General.
I know all about your
dealings with lawyers,
for contributions, your secret
talks with the Governor.
And now I know about this.
You're finished!
You don't know anything.
Everything I've done
is legitimate.
I have records! No one
is going to believe you.
Listen, you're making
a terrible mistake.
You just need to turn around
and get out of here.
Well, then I guess I don't
have a choice.
Wait... No! No! Please.
You don't want to do this.
Yes, I do.
Please...
You're an evil person!
I'm a good person. I've made
mistakes, please...
Think about my family.
I'll do anything you want.
You want me to quit my job,
I'll quit my job.
I'll drop out of the
race, but...
Don't do this.
Please! I beg you!
I'll do anything you want.
Please.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're doing the smart thing.
Freeze! Drop the gun.
Right now!
You don't think I know
who you are?
You're Evan White!
I saw you trailing me and I've
called your probation officer.
He's coming here. Right now.
You're going to spend
the next 25 years in jail.
You're going to rot there.
You punks all think
you're so badass.
Well, who's badass now?
(GUNSHOT)
(EVAN GRUNTING)
You're fucking dead.
(GRUNTS)
Fucking asshole.
I'm going to fucking kill you.
Now! How does that feel?
I'm going to fucking...
God damn you!
Fuck you!
(SCREAMING)
Who are you?
Adler with Probation.
Finally, you just missed him.
What happened?
That motherfucker had
a gun to my head.
So how did you get away?
Well, he just dropped the gun
and... And left.
He just left?
Didn't you hear what I said?
He just left!
He's probably still in the
parking lot. Go arrest him!
I think we should just
let him go.
What? Are you insane?
He's a murderer.
Yeah, then why aren't you dead?
What?
I said,
if he's a murderer, why
didn't he just shoot you?
You know, I'm going to go
arrest him myself.
No, no, no, no, no.
We're going to let him walk.
And no one's ever going to know
what happened in this room.
I am the goddamn
District Attorney.
Now you are going to arrest him
or I'll have your ass arrested.
You see, I don't think you
want me to do that.
I don't think you want
the details of that case
to come out on what really
happened to that kid.
You know, especially during
campaign season and everything.
Do not try to blackmail me.
I will crush you.
Get to work on that.
(EXHALES)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
I'm sorry.
(SOBS)
(CHUCKLES)
Hey.
Matt, I want you
to meet someone.
This is Evan.
Hey.
Hey, Matt.
Do I know you?
No. Not yet.
Is he our friend?
Yes, he's our friend.
He's a very special friend.
Do you want to go play
on the slide?
Sure.
EVAN:  Light and dark.
Love and hate.
I now know there's always
that choice.
And what you choose makes
all the difference.
(MUSIC PLAYING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org